there are rumblings of discontent from
the Bison house the babies had to be
separated from his mom she's not happy
the senior keeper noticed it had a
problem with its leg that it wasn't
walking properly so that's gonna check
that out and also will use the
opportunity to have a good look to see
if it's a male or female and just give
it a once-over make sure it's all okay
there's no pain in the joints but no
there's no sucking have to play major
infection was happening at all mr. the
left hind was twisting slightly like
walking can't you find anything but make
sure they put about his madness who is
life in a few days
this is vironment we don't like to think
the risk
but Bertha you can't give anything she
was in through the naval amusement park
ride around mother and son can't wait to
be reunited the baby bison has been the
zoo star attraction